{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh18860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Waitlist signup and email copy\

\fs24 \
Eyebrow / kicker
\f1\b0  For practitioners who are ready.\

\f0\b Headline
\f1\b0  Be here before we open the doors.\

\f0\b Subhead
\f1\b0  Clairbook is a focused marketplace for wellness, spiritual, beauty, and coaching practitioners. We're building something the industry doesn't have yet \'97 a home that actually understands your work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Founding member offer block
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Label:
\f1\b0  Founding practitioner rate\

\f0\b Offer headline:
\f1\b0  $79 for your first year.\

\f0\b Offer subhead:
\f1\b0  Normally $119.88. Lock in this rate permanently \'97 it never goes up as long as you stay.\

\f0\b What's included:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Your public practitioner profile, live on launch day\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A personal booking page you can share right now\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Priority placement in search and discovery\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Verified founding member badge on your profile\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Direct input into how the platform develops\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Early access to every new feature we ship\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Scarcity line:
\f1\b0  We're capping founding memberships at 100 practitioners.\

\f0\b CTA button:
\f1\b0  Claim your founding spot \'97 $79/year\

\f0\b Below button:
\f1\b0  No charge until launch. Cancel anytime before then for a full refund.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Free waitlist option (below the offer)
\f1\b0 \
Not ready to commit? That's okay.\
Join the free waitlist and we'll reach out before we open to the public.\

\f0\b CTA:
\f1\b0  Join the free waitlist\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Trust / transparency note at the bottom
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Clairbook is pre-launch and actively in development. Founding memberships are billed now and go toward building the platform. If we don't launch, you get a full refund \'97 no questions asked. We'd rather earn your trust than ask for it.\
\
Confirmation email\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 Confirmation email \'97 founding member
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  You're in. Welcome to clairbook.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Hi [first name],\
You're one of our founding practitioners. That means something to us.\
Your spot is reserved, your rate is locked, and your profile will go live the day we launch. Between now and then, you'll hear from us directly \'97 no newsletters, no noise. Just real updates on how the build is going, and the occasional question where your opinion actually shapes what we make.\
A few things to know:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Your founding rate of $79/year is locked in permanently, as long as you're with us.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You'll get early access to set up your profile before we open to the public.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If for any reason we don't launch, you'll receive a full refund. No process, no questions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 We're building this carefully and we're building it for you. Thank you for being here early.\
\'97 The clairbook team\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Questions? Just reply to this email.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Confirmation email \'97 free waitlist
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  You're on the list.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Hi [first name],\
You're on the clairbook waitlist. We'll reach out before we open to the public so you get first look.\
In the meantime \'97 if you know another practitioner who'd be a good fit, send them our way. The community we're building is only as good as the people in it.\
\'97 The clairbook team\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 "What is clairbook" explainer section
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Section label:
\f1\b0  What we're building\

\f0\b Headline:
\f1\b0  A marketplace that gets it.\
Most booking platforms were designed for gyms and hair salons. The intake forms, the categories, the way sessions are described \'97 none of it was made with you in mind.\
Clairbook is different. We're building a focused home for practitioners whose work requires trust, nuance, and a client who actually understands what they're booking. That means better discovery, better context, and a booking experience that reflects the quality of your practice.\

\f0\b Four tracks at launch:
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Wellness
\f1\b0  \'97 Yoga, somatic work, mindfulness, nutrition, and holistic care.\

\f0\b Spiritual
\f1\b0  \'97 Energy work, astrology, tarot, mediumship, and ceremonial support.\

\f0\b Beauty & ritual
\f1\b0  \'97 Practices that weave care, confidence, and intentional self-care.\

\f0\b Coaching
\f1\b0  \'97 Relationship, career, leadership, and transformational coaching.\

\f0\b Closing line:
\f1\b0  If your work has ever felt too specific for a generic platform, you're exactly who we're building this for.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2890\fi-2891\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
}